[docs] add brief docs page on managing cloud compute logs, error msgs (#19665)
dagster-io/dagster: docs/content/dagster-cloud/managing-deployments/controlling-logs.mdx

### Writing to your own S3 bucket

If using the Kubernetes agent, you can instead forward logs to your own S3 bucket by using the [`S3ComputeLogManager`](/\_apidocs/libraries/dagster-aws#dagster_aws.s3.S3ComputeLogManager).

You can configure the `S3ComputeLogManager` in your [`dagster.yaml` file](/dagster-cloud/deployment/agents/customizing-configuration):

```yaml
compute_logs:
  module: dagster_aws.s3.compute_log_manager
  class: S3ComputeLogManager
  config:
    show_url_only: true
    bucket: your-compute-log-storage-bucket
    region: your-bucket-region
```

If you are using Helm to deploy the Kubernetes agent, you can provide the following configuration in your `values.yaml` file:

```yaml
computeLogs:
  enabled: true
  custom:
    module: dagster_aws.s3.compute_log_manager
    class: S3ComputeLogManager
    config:
      show_url_only: true
      bucket: your-compute-log-storage-bucket
      region: your-bucket-region
```

### Disabling compute log upload

> If your organization has its own logging solution which ingests `stdout` and `stderr` from your compute environment, you may want to disable compute log upload entirely. You can do this with the [`NoOpComputeLogManager`](/\_apidocs/internals#dagster.\_core.storage.noop_compute_log_manager.NoOpComputeLogManager).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your organization has its own logging solution which ingests `stdout` and `stderr` from your compute environment, you may want to disable compute log upload entirely. You can do this with the <PyObject module="dagster._core.storage.noop_compute_log_manager" object="NoOpComputeLogManager" />.
```

> You can configure the `NoOpComputeLogManager` in your [`dagster.yaml` file](https://docs.dagster.io/dagster-cloud/deployment/agents/customizing-configuration):

Reviewer: Could you apply this guy pls?

```yaml
compute_logs:
  module: dagster.core.storage.noop_compute_log_manager
  class: NoOpComputeLogManager
```

> If you are using Helm to deploy the Kubernetes agent, you may use the `enabled` flag to disable compute log upload:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are using Helm to deploy the Kubernetes agent, use the `enabled` flag to disable compute log upload:
```

The `you may` makes this sound like a suggestion, when it's just how this needs to be done

> If you are using Helm to deploy thew Kubernetes agent, the `enabled` flag lets you easily disable compute log upload:

Reviewer: Same here as my previous comment - is this required?

```yaml
computeLogs:
  enabled: false
```

### Other compute log storage options

For a full list of available compute log storage options, refer to the [Compute log storage docs](/deployment/dagster-instance#compute-log-storage).

---

## Masking error messages

By default, Dagster Cloud surfaces error messages from your code locations in the Dagster Cloud UI, including when runs fail, when sensors or schedules throw an exception, or when your code locations fail to load. You can mask these error messages in the case that their contents are sensitive.

In order to mask error messages in a Dagster Cloud Deployment, you can set the environment variable `DAGSTER_REDACT_USER_CODE_ERRORS` equal to `1` using the [Dagster Cloud Environment Variables](/dagster-cloud/managing-deployments/environment-variables-and-secrets) UI:

<Image
alt="Environment variable UI showing DAGSTER_REDACT_USER_CODE_ERRORS set to 1"
src="/images/dagster-cloud/logs-error-messages/configure-redact-env-var.png"
width={644}
height={407}
/>

> Once set, error messages from your code locations will be masked in the Dagster Cloud UI, and will provide a unique error ID that you can use to look up the error message in your own logs.

Reviewer: Thoughts on adding a sentence that explains where the ID is located, using the screenshot as an example? It might not be obvious to folks using screen readers.

Author: Done!
